Upgrade README with a minimum example code and library description. (#8)
arduino-libraries/Arduino_Portenta_OTA: README.md

[![Arduino Lint](https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_Portenta_OTA/workflows/Arduino%20Lint/badge.svg)](https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_Portenta_OTA/actions?workflow=Arduino+Lint)
[![Spell Check](https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_Portenta_OTA/workflows/Spell%20Check/badge.svg)](https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_Portenta_OTA/actions?workflow=Spell+Check)

> This library allows to perform OTA (Over-The-Air) firmware update for the Arduino Portenta H7. OTA binaries are downloaded via WiFi and stored on a SD card or on the Portenta H7's QSPI flash storage. Next all information relevant to the firmware update is stored in non-volatile memory. After a reset the Portenta H7 bootloader is accessing this information and uses it for performing the firmware update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This library allows OTA (Over-The-Air) firmware updates for the Arduino Portenta H7. OTA binaries are downloaded via WiFi and stored on a SD card or on the Portenta H7's QSPI flash storage. Next, all information relevant to the firmware update is stored in non-volatile memory. After a reset the Portenta H7 bootloader accesses this information and uses it to perform the firmware update.
```

Author: @per1234 , what would I do without you :wink: Many thanks!
